## Minutes Sept 02, 2017 - Hack day.

Andrew J, Courtney W, Tom S, Cam J, Pam R

Things we want to discuss/get out of the day:

- Removing dev blockers
- How to open source (async/remote work)
- Rabble Rouser as an org
- Crush code!
- Group mailer (plan, small tasks)
- Living with less Andrew
- Regular discussions / office hours

-----

### Discussion:

- Organisation stuff: someone will need to own this and do it on their own.
- Catch ups need to come back (this is when the talky talk happens, and then the hack days are for crushing code)
- Doodle the best time for the catch ups.
- Break down the tasks to really small tasks (hours worth of work hopefully) so anyone can pick anything at any point and not step on each other’s toes or be blocked because someone else is working on a big piece of work.
- Capture (at some point) how to open source in Rabble Rouser, and how to onboard new people.
- Broadcast whenever you’re introducing breaking changes, be loud. (If you break stuff, you have 24 hours to make sure it goes back to normal or yell for help!)
- if you’re blocked, yell in Slack . (@here @channel whatever you feel is right, others should acknowledge and offer help whenever possible)

- We want our first user to be a small campaign(4 to 7 people maybe?)  that has some techie person that can support them with backups and simple stuff. We are in charge of doing the deployment so we can work out what we need to fix (as we haven’t done it before), and we will do support via Slack.
